Link latest performance blog on performance benchmarks page (#2957)
opensearch-project/project-website: benchmarks/index.md

</p>
<p> You can also view the open GitHub issues tagged to performance label <a href ="https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aopensearch-project+label%3Aperformance+">here</a>.
</p>
<p>

>     Follow the link to read more about <a href="https://opensearch.org/blog/opensearch-performance-2.14/">OpenSearch’s performance improvements since launch.</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To learn more about OpenSearch performance improvements through version 2.14, read <a href="https://opensearch.org/blog/opensearch-performance-2.14/">this blog post</a>.
```
